that's when I want
where I live with the rage between them and the rest he adds we are ready
Sunday jenny metallurgist at 40 he now has out of the ordinary
but thirty caravans accumulated for almost 15 years
can change in the continuous way
it was to respond to his growth
everyday
jay and recovers or redeems them at ridiculous prices to save them and
restore
you are for many in the Rhône
the game is running normally and elecam to dance to be expensive
you can recover at night for their evening
according to the Nazi staff
it is today in his collection of real treasures ap
only rare models to gone right now the only true
answer it's the oldest collection groups or and for
benneau conservation
soldier of 49
two periods aged 45 is the favorite for vehicles every
conferences
his goal is to make this top lol punches in the face
with all the risks that this may have
why such an advance
to succeed
a little further the highlight of his collection
even though we can note the smallest caravan
what I had to do
to keep from going back to the elaborated forms
rp
the norwegian had just the next james leap the territory
this summer
quite simply
it is a very rare object but is totally restored
montebourg 4
like every weekend on the history of these caravans
why today he takes the direction of nantes for a trip
between collectors
the Swiss bank several cars are not going out movies
it is valid for holidays
sometimes
the genius who are hundreds in france to share the same passion of
caravans life of the rich
a heritage dating back to 1936 and the first paid holidays
his thing to do his job
which is not meant for breakage
are part of the heritage of countries that are part of the heritage
but when the time of departure is to say that everything is complicated
must know how to slice the caravan but that's automatic
it is possible that he works but it is the worst of the moments of the
weekend it had allowed him to remember to know more
but you still have to be forced
serve
and it is also what makes the charm of the old caravans as for the
arenas